<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                template="/WEB-INF/bjmTemplate.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="col-sm-8">
            <h1 style="margin-bottom: 1em;">#{msg.faqExp}</h1>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                Below are the Frequently asked questions that the Founder and Administrator of BJManch.in has complied so far.
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What exactly is the Manch?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                A: Bhartiya Jantantra Manch, is a world’s first ever initiative to revolutionize Democracy for the new era - effectively making the traditional political parties redundant in this era of Information Technology 
                and Space Exploration and also where we need to revive our lost environment, nature and need to care for ALL of our population!<br/><br/>
                The Manch, that will be completely apolitical is of the people, for the people and by the people - available 24X7 and people will nominate and choose the candidates for the parliamentary and state assembly elections including the Prime Minister and 
                Chief Ministers.<br/><br/>

                It is a platform to be used by the minds in India/Bharat who truly appreciate democracy and the power of rational and progressive thinking. If we say that India is a major 
                IT power of the world, then why must not India make an initiative to make use of the Internet in spreading rational thinking?<br/><br/>
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: Who are the people responsible behind this Manch? Are they going to project themselves as new breed of Politicians?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                A: The founder of the Portal is a peace loving Indian individual, who do not intend to be politically active and shall only support and expand it's IT Infrastructure. All the people who 
                join this Manch as a Social Networking platform with a "cause" will also choose the candidates they seem best capable of serving the Nation.
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What are the key functionalities?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                The Manch aims to function on primarily two parts or domains, which are forums and surveys and every registered member is allowed to start a Forum or a Survey, which ultimately we can say form the two pillars of the Portal.
                In forums, all members can give their views on any national issue and that’s how we can debate on the issues rationally. The second domain is that of 
                the surveys, which again would be very closely aligned to the forums. In the surveys, the members of the platform will be able to give their opinions and 
                cast their votes whether they agree with the subject/matter of the survey or not. 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: How is it unique in its vision?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                BJManch is an IT based platform for the new era, where all the existing divisive and vacuous political ideologies will be done away with and the common sense will connect people 
                to collectively ‘reason’ and establish a new system of democratic governance, the system for our future, our children’s futures and all the generations to come. 
                The new system will be based purely on ‘reasoning’ and ‘vision of future’, to lead with an example; first to push India ahead and eventually to create an 
                example to move the whole world forward without EVER looking back! 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What future would BJManch propagate?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                A technological future where technology and mainly IT (Information Technology) will penetrate every other field to give a solid framework within which the country will 
                operate. IT will make inroads from all levels of education on one extreme, agriculture on the other hand and all other fields in between. It will be a future where 
                every adult Indian would be IT savvy and rational enough to think for herself or himself. The future will have no room for superstitions but only reasoning to drive 
                the nation forward in true sense. Of course, the schools of spirituality such a Vedhanta will prevail and every citizen- every child - shall care for the Environment. 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What about the grassroots?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                Of course, the grassroots are not forgotten. It is very important that the individuals who make contributions at the grassroots must connect with other citizens 
                via the Internet and share their work and their ideas. This will facilitate the old saying of “Think Globally, Act Locally”.
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: Is this Front a Political Party?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                NO, as mentioned earlier, the Manch will be completely apolitically active and where the members would be able to stay connected with each other on 24X7 basis. 
                 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: From Economy perspective, what is Manch’s view on the recent pandemic of COVID-19?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                There is no denying in the fact that the recent pandemic of Coronavirus has battered the world economies like no other economic recession could do in the past.
                In the past, the economic recessions were more or less the cyclic - in the forms of booms and busts. But the severe damage done to the world economy by the corona 
                pandemic has effectively wiped out all the wealths of the nations. BJManch believes that the World Economic order will be reestablished from the ground up. On the
                other hand, there will be an ample opportunity for countries especially the developing ones like India to get the correct prosperity index in place. For example, 
                instead of purely GDP or GNI based growth index to United Nation's Human Development Index (HDI).
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What is Manch’s view on the future of Indian Economy?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                This time we are not talking of reviving the economy but need to reboot it and hunt for a new set of economic indicators.<br/><br/>

                The new set of economic indicators, in my mind, must be based on the key elements such as -
                <ol>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">First, more important than all - eliminate corruption of every form - financial, moral and religious from our country and society. 
                        We are already very late in handling this  termite that has already brought our great civilization on the verge of collapse. If we do not make a collective 
                        resolution to systematically destroy this disease, then no force of the universe can rescue us. On the other hand, if we  make a start to live an honest living,
                        then we have a golden opportunity to not only restore the lost glory of our grand civilization but also to restore the pride of our great  nation as well. 
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        The United Nations’ Human Development Index (HDI) reflects the state of economy that is far better than the exclusively GDP/GNI based index, which only reflects the 
                        index of wealth we accumulate as a country rather than showing how equitable that wealth is generated in the country and neither does it reflect the development 
                        of humans as real resources or assets of a nation. Needless to say, if we need to thrive, we must adopt this UN Index going forward.
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Customize the UN’s HDI to suit India’s unique challenges for poverty alleviation both in urban and rural areas. As per the UN’s Human Index Development report 
                        of year 2018, we are at 130th rank in the list of 190 or so countries of the world. Whereas in terms of GDP we ranked at position 5 ahead of Great Britain and 
                        France.
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Give extra efforts and weightage to the efforts to restore our lost environment both in cities and villages - work to bring back flora and fauna filled jungles
                        - identify the birds and animal species that are becoming extinct and make definite plans to revive them. In other words, learn how we can all re-learn to live 
                        in harmony with nature and not by destroying it!
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Swachh Bharat - will have to make cells of volunteers who would clean the streets of our country. Let us not be reliant on any government agency to do that for 
                        us and let all the citizens of this country assume that direct responsibility. This whole land is our one big home. We need to keep it clean just like we keep 
                        our houses clean.
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;"> 
                        Women Empowerment is needed urgently both in urban and rural areas - literacy, training in child development, more active participation in democracy by having channels to raise their 
                        voice etc. We would need lots of volunteers for this mammoth task.
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Extract Wisdom heritage from the ageing population - both from urban and rural areas.
                    
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Educate citizens of India in modern sciences, especially Information Technology that can truly change India in the 21st and 22nd century.
                    
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;"> 
                        Establish a Ministry of Peace as a wing of the Ministry of Defense and Ministry of Home -so that the proposals and scopes for a Ministry of Peace to exist along with 
                        the Ministry of Defense and Ministry of Home Affairs.
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Explore Astronomy and Space to eradicate superstitions that still prevail amongst us to a large extent.
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;">
                        Propagate the concept of “Sukh” amongst masses and let's aim to make everyone sukhi - explain to the citizens of India what ‘Sukh’ actually implies and how it 
                        is different from happiness (khushi) and joy (harsh).

                    
                    </li>
                    <li style="text-align: justify;"> 
                        Give due Importance of Sports and Fitness(Yoga) to all humans - of course to be linked up with good Nutrition, clean Environment and peaceful living.
                    </li>
                </ol>
 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What Future holds for Bharat?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                We have no other option but to move forward and claim the future and make a mark in human 
                history as Indians. We have to move forward and take bitter lessons that history has taught us for the last 2,000 years. The invaders and imperialists did their utmost 
                best to distort and destroy our history and crush our spirits and they failed! All we need to do now is to revive our spirits that need to spread tolerance, acceptance and peace 
                across the globe.
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: Can National Defense and World Peace work together?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                By no means BJManch would mean modern India in the time ahead needs to lower the defenses - rather the opposite. We do need to keep defending our frontiers for all 
                times to come; and at the same time maintain harmony and discipline within our boundaries and then promote them outside our frontiers. Our Police force needs to play a
                very vital role in maintaining internal peace and social harmony. This is because it is only the Police that police our society and neighborhoods all the time and the 
                citizens of the country should see them as their guardian friends and to whom we can reach out for help.

            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What would be the role of Civilians in the future?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                The work of civilians won’t be less critical by any means. It is the civilians defended by our defense and police forces that will take the primary responsibility to 
                roll our nation and our society forward - all professionals - businessmen, civil servants, entrepreneurs, doctors, engineers, farmers, sports persons, intellectuals, 
                artists and many other such professions need to give steel-like spine to our country. They all need to work with each other in harmony and also care for the environment. 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What would be the role of Indian philosophy systems of spirituality?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                Similarly, our peace and spirituality loving brothers and sisters need to spread wisdom across all the corners of the globe to make our mother earth full of bliss and worth 
                living in. But there is no doubt that our first goal is to bring our own house in perfect order. In other words, it is upon all of us to re-establish Bharat Varsh, 
                thereby creating an example for the rest of humanity.

            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: What time frame has been set to achieve results?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                Will it happen overnight? No not at all! It will take time to mobilize 1.4 billion people but having said that all of us can definitely create such an image in our 
                minds in an instant. We need to shed all our fears and weaknesses and we move forward on this difficult journey. But what we can be definitely certain of is -
                if we keep the sight of our horizon clear in our minds at all times and keep moving forward one step at a time - all together, then the journey would become a bliss 
                for all us and our next generations as well. 
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left;">Q: Where can I take my unanswered question(s)?</h5>
            <p style="text-align: justify;">
                Just drop an email to admin@bjmanch.in
                
            </p>
            <h5 style="text-align: left; color: #2854da;">Jai glorious and green Bharat!!</h5>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
